docs(bridge): advice to stop server before upgrade (#2622)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/1.getting-started/3.bridge.md

## Upgrade Nuxt 2

> Remove any package lock files (`package-lock.json` and `yarn.lock`), remove also the folder `.nuxt` on the root of your project, and install the latest `nuxt-edge`:

Reviewer: Maybe just this? I'm not really sure why you'd need to remove `.nuxt` explicitly as it's cleared every time you start the dev server. 

```suggestion
Make sure your dev server isn't running, remove any package lock files (`package-lock.json` and `yarn.lock`), and install the latest `nuxt-edge`:
```
